Ye Huan feels that I am cold
You know me
Why can you be invincible in the world after thousands of years?
You know why I, Ye Huan, came back to life
Just a few days
Then you can kneel in his heart with an ordinary person
What's the secret?
You kneel down and beg me now
I might consider telling you
I don't think you should listen to this kid's nonsense
He must be stalling for time
My son is dead now.
You must avenge him
Wait until I get this wildflower.
I will let him die without a burial
My Ye Huan's life
If you have the ability, come and beat me to death
you
What the hell are you doing?
Let go let go
That's what it feels like.
I can finally enjoy killing to the fullest
No more smoking
I'm about to be pissed off
Let go, let go, Demon Lord
You don't want to know that my leaf flower will be with
What do you want in your past life?
Ok I'll tell you today
That's because of my killing god
Can kill everything in seconds
Absorb heaven and earth
exchange vitality
It's my sustenance.
Don't believe it anymore
i
Welcome to Ben
It's your buddy
Hard to do
Then broke through again